Last year, these Kumar
took over Bhartiya and launched their own plan,
which many people are liking. They are
using the line which is a long
hard advantage plan. So, they have appointed a help desk line. They have made
some changes
and we will talk about it. What should I do
and what is that plan for you.
Before starting the video, I would like to show you this video.
For those who are there, my
name is Prince Ko Chiku. I am Sakshi
Liner Insurance. I am Aries and Pisces. For the
last seven years, we bring play videos of the person so
that your
personal life can become easier and happier because the
tagline of our company is proper benefits. If
you have not yet subscribed to our channel, then
secondly, activate the right
information edge UK as I am going to give it now. So
today we will talk about this Boiled
Eggs Advantage 122 plan.
Before committing to it, we will talk
about some such solutions. The
claim settlement ratio of IS A Moment is 93.4 but it has increased to seven inches.
Death is the 78th cashless
hospital in India. If you
switch on this mode, then click on the tap. So,
this is the situation in the tube line
which is always available, minimum five
lines maximum and according to this policy, it
is available for one to three years
upfront. If you want, you can take the policy for three years.
You can plan for Maze Plus. Those who
already know about this plan
or are Justin's customers,
they know that there is
only one line here, that is
Chapter 1 class, so many
options there were with multiple options and you can
provide riders, so many
things have been removed from the riders and these various features have been made,
which will be seen further, we will talk about paying the room money,
any room can be taken off, there is
no infection, see, this is a serious
Herbert Usha Mishra added the procedure
where
you are not required to go to the hospital for more than 2008, you
come home in the evening of the meeting.  Regarding which,
in the procedure of domiciliary hospitalization,
ulcer constipation always gets an order, the
hospitalization which you get at home is on the
condition that if the
room is available in the hospital or the patient is not in this condition and
can be taken halfway, then that too is the button to show next, we will
talk,
reversal benefit is
available in the policy, it is 200%
of the time and that seriously, same
person with similar symptoms and different
colors can use serial numbers,
so this post hospitalization PM post
hospitalization is fixed that before going to the hospital, there will be
expenses and talk expenses, as
you know, there was an option in the old ICC number
advantage, you could modify it, prison expenses,
days of hospitalization are
fixed here, City DSP Unwanted S
Post Emergency Road Ambulance will give you one per cent
of chilli and maximum Rs.10000 per
hospitalization, road ambulance no
claim bonus, it is also called dentist minute bonus  You
get 22% revenue and it goes up
to a maximum of 100% and
why do they say guaranteed that if a
claim comes tomorrow then it will not be reduced, so once
you reach 100% it will
remain 100% like time modern
treatment modern treatment every work at its own
time weight loss surgery through should be rickshaws is
also called that there is a button
in this line your limit is 50% now you
can always clean up to the maximum retail last you know bariatric surgery organ
donor expenses and without
clicking on harvesting you get princely cut
here in this policy it is back to summation
OPD benefit is not available in OPD benefits policy it is
available in old advantage in the year you will bring this retail video
soon what will be in old
advantage what changes will be in follow advantage
OPD ride is not available if you want
benefit rider you can do it of Kumar
along with its details which
we can check on our channel  AYUSH
is Ayurveda, Yoga, Unani, Siddha
and Homeopathy. Doctor's wallet.
Whatever hospitalization happens, that
Kabaddi Academy Award nominations benefit is
that if your hospitalization is for
more than 10 days, then the
company gives you a one-time
benefit of Rs. 1000 per annum on the address. Enter over and
drop shot. Now let's talk about some
benefits which are inbuilt in it which were
not there in the old policies like your domestic
air ambulance. You had to turn off the air ambulance option
separately. Here, there is a
Kabaddi ambulance and up to time shot. Now you
understand that if you have taken a policy for your forehead and you
need an air ambulance, then its
cost will not be there in WhatsApp. If you need an ambulance, then that
overhead works is always
old and expensive. Like the
bridge volume of Worldwide is available in this policy,
whose coverage is always above 4.5 lakhs.
Worldwide is available for trees and
Worldwide in coverage.  It is tempered glass.
42% will be managed with the premium.
Their partner admission of a partner, but this
trick is fake. International ambulance assistant
is available in the policy. Tele consultations are
unlimited. There is news of home care treatment.
If you want to get hospitalization done at home, then
five percent of the premium will be charged, maximum Rs.
600. In case of home care
treatment, complimentary balance is included in the policy.
It is included in your life. 2.5
percent of the premium and maximum 1000 tablets
are available on the basis of the premium. Let us now talk about
which option riders are there. You
can upgrade them by paying premium in the report. First is the
benefits of maternity benefit.
Discover daughter deliveries. Here, the
premium is always on time and the maximum
coverage will be up to Rs. 1 lakh. Second is the
new born baby cover which will be new born baby
shower or tourism authority limit. Whatever
you click on maternity benefit, there will be a
price and there is an over and quality limit in
it.  It is not included. Whey will remain separate
and new Barbie dress is also included. Vaccination
for newborn baby in the first year, so
its limit is 1% off always and maximum is
1000 and first year cover is there.
Disability and critical illness is
widely available on the website in which this is the princess line on lump sum
which is
less than the list and maximum of critical
illness cover can be availed till the last date.
Personal accidental is available.
Optional rider in which your accidental death
for men in total disability, appointment
pass, world disability cover is there. Maximum cover is
available. Felt someone should
protect is available. Savings protector is there in
which your
sum assured increases according to inflation.
Rauniyar neck screen protector screen
protector is also available. Here in this
your non-bailable items are covered. Tomorrow there are
good items in the gym. Next
is valuation
in the wide web school.  It is available, you have launched this policy through a
mobile application, I will take
care of that kids room, you can mix it, then you
can appeal for all the services from there,
Max payment is
not applicable, there is zero percent co-payment in this policy,
but you have the option to put a deposit of near
20%, so what will happen is that the
premium will be reduced, next
aspirin pricing, the size of the premium will be
zone wise, according to section 370 miles,
zone-2, zone-3, the premium will be started according to you,
zone-2, zone-3 will have low premium,
which is estimated that if you take the premium of zone-2 and the other and get
treatment in a higher zone, then co-
payment will be charged, now let's talk about the
waiting period because we have
seen what is the news, it is
also important to know about the waited to remove, the initial waiting period is
30 days,
you cannot get hospitalization done for fertilizer plant,
dental emergency discovered from demand,
second is specific tuition, which is also
called specific solution day, Google Assistant Civil, that equity former
president's waiting  Period two years
in these old plants, so after this you will
not have to subscribe for one and a half years,
which you
put in the last, so what is the minimum waiting period for this, you will have to do a
lot of
waiting,
so here I have
talked about the EU at a minimum, so you are and
if you are taking
off together then you
can subscribe to St. Xavier's College at 7.5,
if you want,
you get it, it is not very much,
green initiatives, the less paper you use, the better it is,
but as I
told you, it is very easy from your question - I will take
care of downloading, you can
take off the entire policy there, you do
not need a hard copy policy copy,
now I have taken an example of
premium calculation because it is
important to know what the plant costs, so
I will take an example here, I have taken
a human
leaf and a family of four cloves, in which I have taken one,
I have taken 55330, the premium will come here, I have taken a
policy for tablets, now I have taken
Some riders were not taken, you
can choose riders as per your convenience, the premium of tempered glass
policy which is a basic policy
is
Rs 100 including 80% history of two
years premiums, then the recording will be done on that on
duplicate and the premium will
increase every five years
except for the British, every five years the fee will
change from 125 to 150 to 250, shift end and it will keep
changing in the same way, so this was my way,
IS A Body Advantage Version 2022, if you
ask any question regarding Spain,
we will also set up our process for you
and you can do it on my side and WhatsApp
number and email ID given below, you should do anything,
tell us in the comment section, if you
want to tell that in the video, please
tell us that too, before we leave, a reminder
if you have not yet subscribed to our channel, do
subscribe,
get site information and nice time, you can do it quickly, let us do
a lesson and your  The dish in this is
not a return
that Twitter where you can see
OPD sider here available
in the old policy worldwide coverage
that I